.
♪♪♪
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen.
Tony winner for Best Musical.
"Jersey Boys."
♪ Who loves you. pretty baby ♪
♪ Who's gonna help you
through the night? ♪
♪ Who loves you. pretty mama ♪
♪ Who's always there
to make it right? ♪
♪ Who loves you. pretty baby ♪
♪ Who's gonna help you
through the night? ♪
♪ Who loves you. pretty mama ♪
♪ Who's always there
to make it right? ♪
♪ Who loves you ♪
♪ Who loves you. pretty baby? ♪
♪ Who's gonna love you. mama? ♪
♪ Who loves you ♪
♪ Who loves you. pretty baby? ♪
♪♪♪
♪ When tears are in your eyes.
and you can't find the way ♪
♪ It's hard to make believe
you're happy when you're gray ♪
♪ Baby. when you're
feelin' like ♪
♪ You'll never see
the morning light ♪
♪ Come to me ♪
♪ Baby. you'll see ♪
♪ Who loves you. pretty baby ♪
♪ Who's gonna help you
through the night? ♪
♪ Who loves you. pretty mama ♪
♪ Who's always there
to make it ♪
♪ Who loves you ♪
♪ Who loves you. pretty baby? ♪
♪ Who's gonna
love you. love you ♪
♪ Who's gonna love you. mama? ♪
♪ Who loves you ♪
♪ Who loves you. pretty baby? ♪
♪ Who's gonna
love you. love you ♪
[ All vocalizing ]
♪♪♪
♪ Oh. what a night ♪
♪ Late December
back in '63 ♪
♪ What a very special
time for me ♪
♪ 'Cause I remember
what a night ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Oh. what a night ♪
♪ You know. I didn't even
know her name ♪
♪ But I was never gonna
be the same ♪
♪ What a lady.
what a night ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Oh. I ♪
♪ I got a funny feeling
when she walked in the room
♪ Yeah. and I ♪
♪ As I recall.
it ended much too soon ♪
♪ Oh. what a night ♪
♪ Why'd it take so long
to see the light? ♪
♪ Seemed so wrong.
but now it seems so right ♪
♪ Sweet surrender.
what a night ♪
♪ I felt a rush
like a rolling bolt of thunder ♪
♪ Spinnin' my head around
and taking my body under ♪
♪ What a night ♪
♪ Do. do. do. do. do.
do. do. do. do. do. do ♪
♪ Oh. what a night ♪
♪ Do. do. do. do. do.
do. do. do. do. do. do ♪
♪ Oh. what a night ♪
♪ Do. do. do. do. do.
do. do. do. do. do. do ♪
♪ Oh. what a night ♪
♪ Do. do. do. do. do.
do. do. do. do. do. do ♪
♪ Oh. what a night ♪
♪♪♪
Announcer: From the heart
of New York City's
Theater District.
it's "One Night Only:
The Best of Broadway."
with the casts
of "A Chorus Line."
"Ain't Too Proud: The Life
and Times of The Temptations."
"Chicago."
"Diana: A New Musical."
"Harry Potter
and the Cursed Child."
"Jagged Little Pill."
"Jersey Boys."
"Mean Girls."
and a classic from "Rent."
Performances by international
superstar Antonio Banderas.
pop great Kelly Clarkson.
country recording artist
Brett Eldredge.
R&B icon Patti LaBelle.
and the legendary
Barbra Streisand.
Appearances
by Annaleigh Ashford.
Lance Bass. Kristen Bell.
Jesse Tyler Ferguson.
Sutton Foster. Peter Gallagher.
Josh Groban. Jake Gyllenhaal.
Sean Hayes. Ron Cephas Jones.
Nathan Lane. Brittney Mack.
Camryn Manheim.
Alanis Morissette. Rob McClure.
Leslie Odom Jr. Jerry O'Connell.
Mary-Louise Parker.
Billy Porter. John Stamos.
Aaron Tveit. Blair Underwood.
Susan Kelechi Watson.
and Vanessa Williams.
And now our host Tina Fey.
Tonight is a one-night-only
salute to an art form
that has been a driving force
in American life
for over a century --
the Broadway show.
Over 14 million people came here
to see live performances
in the Theater District
during the last Broadway season.
But as we all know.
for health and safety reasons.
last March 12th.
the doors of these
lovely theaters were shuttered.
The impact on Broadway
has been devastating --
thousands of theater jobs lost.
and each week
Broadway is closed.
it loses tens of millions
in ticket sales.
But one day soon. Broadway will
be back and better than ever.
But until that time.
theater professionals
are turning to Broadway Cares
to stay afloat.
Throughout the night. we'll be
sharing more of their work
and how you can join in
and support this great cause.
Thank you. Tina. And by the way.
I loved you in "The Crown."
As you may or may not know.
I made my Broadway debut in 1982
at the Circle
in the Square Theatre
in a revival of Noel Coward's
"Present Laughter"
starring and directed by the
late. great George C. Scott.
I've appeared in
23 Broadway shows since then
and at least as many
off-Broadway.
so my connection
to the New York theater
and its people runs deep.
One of the many reasons
I love theater people
is because you can always
count on them to be there.
which brings me to Broadway
Cares/Equity Fights AIDS.
It's the philanthropic heart
of Broadway.
When the theater community
is hurting.
we turn to Broadway Cares.
They're the helping hand
we reach for
and the shoulder we lean on.
I've been a part of Broadway
Cares/Equity Fights AIDS
for 25 years as a member
of its Board of Trustees
and as an actor holding
one of these iconic red buckets
asking for donations
as folks leave the theater.
Today. though.
those theaters are closed.
That has left friends
and colleagues out of work.
no paycheck since March.
But thanks
to this incredible evening.
you can be in the spotlight.
You can be the star that helps
an actor or stage manager
get groceries next week
or an usher or musician
see a doctor next month.
Help make someone's tomorrow
brighter than their today.
Go to broadwaycares.org/help2020
and donate whatever you can.
Thank you.
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen.
"Ain't Too Proud: The Life
and Times of The Temptations."
♪♪♪
♪ You've got a smile so bright ♪
♪ You know
you could have been a candle ♪
♪ I'm holding you so tight ♪
♪ You know
you could have been a handle ♪
♪ The way you swept me
off my feet ♪
♪ You know
you could have been a broom ♪
♪ The way you smell so sweet ♪
♪ You know you could have been
some perfume ♪
♪ Well. you could have been
anything that you wanted to ♪
♪ And I can tell ♪
♪ The way you do
the things you do ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ The way you do
the things you do ♪
♪ As pretty as you are ♪
♪ You know
you could have been a flower ♪
♪ If good looks was a minute ♪
♪ You know
you could have been an hour ♪
♪ Oh. the way
you stole my heart ♪
♪ You know you could have been
a cool crook ♪
♪ And. baby. you're so smart ♪
♪ You know you should have been
a schoolbook ♪
♪ Well. you could have been
anything that you wanted to ♪
♪ And I can tell ♪
♪ The way you do
the things you do ♪
♪♪♪
♪ I know you wanna leave me ♪
♪ But I refuse to let you go ♪
♪ If I have to beg and plead
for your sympathy ♪
♪ I don't mind 'cause
you mean that much to me ♪
♪ Ain't too proud to beg ♪
♪ And you know that ♪
♪ Sweet darlin' ♪
♪ Please don't leave me. girl ♪
♪ Don't you go ♪
♪ Ain't too proud
to plead. baby. baby ♪
♪ Please don't leave me. girl ♪
♪ Don't you go ♪
♪ Now I heard a cryin' man
is half a man ♪
♪ With no sense of pride ♪
♪ But if I have to cry
to keep you ♪
♪ I don't mind weepin'
if it keeps you by my side ♪
♪ Ain't too proud to beg.
sweet darlin' ♪
♪ Please don't leave me. girl.
don't you go ♪
♪ Ain't too proud
to plead. baby. baby ♪
♪ Please don't leave me. girl ♪
♪ Don't you go ♪
♪ Now. I've got a love so deep
in the pit of my heart ♪
♪ And each day
it grows more and more ♪
♪ I'm not ashamed
to come and plead to you. baby ♪
♪ If pleadin' keeps you
from walkin' out that door ♪
♪ Ain't too proud to beg.
sweet darlin' ♪
♪ Please don't leave me. girl.
don't you go ♪
♪ Ain't too proud
to plead. baby. baby ♪
♪ Please don't leave me. girl ♪
♪ Don't you go ♪
♪♪♪
Announcer:
Pop superstar Kelly Clarkson.
15-time Tony nominee.
"Jagged Little Pill."
and a performance
from the cast of "Mean Girls."
when "One Night Only:
The Best of Broadway" returns.
♪ On the nights on Broadway ♪
♪ Blame it
on the nights on Broadway ♪
♪ Singin' them love ♪
.
♪♪♪
Welcome back to
"The Best of Broadway."
Our next performer
is the nicest.
hardest-working person
on television.
She's on "The Voice."
has her own talk show.
just hosted
the "Billboard Music Awards."
and is one of the biggest stars
in the world of music.
Here is Kelly Clarkson.
I have always loved the song
"White Christmas."
It was originally written
by Irving Berlin
for the 1942 film "Holiday Inn."
and it went on
to win an Oscar that year.
The film was later adapted for
the bright lights of Broadway.
and the song "White Christmas"
is still one of the most
beloved songs of all time.
♪♪♪
♪ I'm dreaming
of a white Christmas ♪
♪ Just like the ones
I used to know ♪
♪ Where the tree tops glisten ♪
♪ And children listen ♪
♪ To hear sleigh bells
in the snow ♪
♪ I'm dreaming
of a white Christmas ♪
♪ With every Christmas card
I write ♪
♪ May your days be merry
and bright ♪
♪ And may all your Christmases
be white ♪
♪♪♪
♪ May your days be merry
and bright ♪
♪ And may all your Christmases
be white ♪
♪♪♪
Whoo-whoo! Happy holidays!
Happy holi-Broadway!
Nope. doesn't work.
Just hap-happy holidays.
plus Broadway.
So much goes on
behind the scenes
to get a Broadway show
ready for a big premiere.
You're in rehearsals
for six weeks.
two weeks of tech
in the theater.
four weeks of previews before
you make it to opening night.
There's the run-through.
and you got to be off-book
and have all your lines
together.
Then we're going to layer in
the audience.
and then the critics are coming.
All of those steps
leading up to opening night
was a wonderful tightrope walk.
and it's such
an incredible community.
We all keep each other
from falling off the rope.
♪♪♪
There's nothing like
an opening night on Broadway.
We're at the opening
of "Girl from the North Country"
on Broadway.
Ferguson: That's when
all the famous people come.
It's just -- It's really.
really special.
-[ Chanting ] Tina! Tina!
I could never be as happy
as I am now.
One of my cast mates. Tina Ou.
she said. you know.
"You only make
your Broadway debut once.
Remember this moment.
Honor this moment."
I was 24 years old.
and I still have the earrings
that I wore that night.
I remember my parents being
there and. yeah. it was magic.
Opening night
of "The Great Comet" was --
It was just such a par--
It was such a party.
But we all knew that reviews
were going to be coming in.
which is such a cruel thing.
To any reviewer watching.
I love you.
I respect what you do.
You are so necessary.
But do they have to come in
at intermission?
We're opening tonight!
-Aah!
-♪ Opening night ♪
♪ Finally ♪
I was really nervous
my first Broadway opening night.
You get a bad review.
you open. and you close.
There's no gentle hand-holding
on Broadway.
I remember before I stepped out
there on opening night thinking.
"My God. I'm on Broadway."
I made my Broadway debut
in the first revival of "Hair."
I remember my mother
was out there.
and I was going to be naked!
[ Laughs ]
My dad. too!
It was a dilemma
I hadn't quite anticipated.
The opening night jitters
are no joke.
When I was in "Tom Sawyer."
my first Broadway show.
I remember. like. coming
offstage after my first number.
and I just was kind of
having a panic attack.
and I had to have the costumer
rip off my corset
so I could breathe.
Ashford: I remember the first
night of my Broadway debut.
it was crazy.
I cried. and I think I peed
a little bit in my pants.
It's like being shot
out of a cannon.
and it just keeps going
and going and going.
It's a runaway train.
and you jump on it.
and you hold on for dear life.
'cause it doesn't stop.
But it was the most --
one of the most fulfilling.
gratifying moments
of my life ever.
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪♪
[ Cheers and applause continue ]
Now for our next performance.
it's from a show
that is definitely my favorite.
"Mean Girls" is a musical comedy
sociology class about queen bees
and why we fear them.
This 12-time Tony nominee
is packed with jokes.
dance. and show-stopping songs.
We opened at the August Wilson
Theatre in 2018.
and the national tour
will hopefully be
hitting the road again soon.
Let's take a look at
some behind-the-scenes footage
from "Mean Girls" and then
a performance by Dani Wade.
Adante Carter.
and Catherine Brunell
of the song "Stupid with Love."
I remember the audition process
being so. so nervous
and then when I got
the part. feeling like.
"How am I going to do this?"
But as soon as we got a week in.
I felt all these people
just holding me and saying.
like. "This is a collaboration.
We're going to work together."
Playing a high-schooler
every night.
and that was the exact time
in my life
where I was kind of deciding
whether or not. like.
this was going to be something
that I was going to pursue.
And so it just feels
very full circle right now.
Henson:
It's such an amazing company.
and there's so many newbies
and so many Broadway debuts.
and it's just --
It's unbelievable.
♪♪♪
Okay. friends. Chapter 1 --
"Limits and their properties."
Now. if I write out
this equation.
the limit as X approaches
2 of X plus 1.
the function is what
we're taking the limit of.
X equals 3.
That's right. actually.
Wow. okay.
let's try another one.
Find the value of K for which
the following limit exists.
K equals negative-3.
Wow. Are you trying to make
the rest of us feel dumb?
No. I'm not trying to.
It's just happening.
I'm Aaron.
Hey. it's nice to meet --
♪ When I was five.
I fell in love ♪
♪ It didn't last ♪
♪ He ran from me.
literally ran from me ♪
♪ And being Kenyan.
he ran fast ♪
♪ When I was ten.
in love again ♪
♪ This Peace Corps guy ♪
[ Laughs ]
♪ I waited hours
inside his tent with flowers ♪
♪ Which made him laugh.
which made me cry ♪
♪ By thirteen.
I gave up trying ♪
♪ I decided I would be
a mathematician ♪
♪ Because math is real ♪
♪ I memorized a lot of pi ♪
♪ Because addition
and subtraction and division ♪
♪ Would never make me feel
so stupid with love ♪
♪ Like I didn't get it ♪
♪ I didn't get it somehow ♪
♪ Smart with math
but stupid with love ♪
♪ I didn't get it ♪
♪ I didn't get it till now ♪
Do you have an eraser?
I would love to.
♪ So. thank you. math.
for being there ♪
♪ To bring me joy ♪
♪♪♪
♪ And thank you. math ♪
♪ 'Cause now brought me
this cute boy ♪
Is it 2?
Norbury: Yes.
Good. Nice.
♪ He's like someone from TV ♪
♪ He's like that guy who
gives out roses to those women ♪
♪ His clothes. his grooming ♪
♪ And he's a foot away from me ♪
♪ With dreamy smile and shiny
eyes that I could swim in ♪
♪ He's livening the room ♪
♪ And I'm stupid with love ♪
♪ I wanna get it.
I wanna get it. but how? ♪
♪ Smart with math
but stupid with love ♪
♪ I wanna get it.
I didn't get it till now ♪
2 over zero is undefined.
Jinx.
♪ I'm astounded and nonplussed.
I am filled with "calculust" ♪
♪ Does this guy work out?
He must. all sweaty at the gym ♪
♪ Could that image be more hot?
Let me just enjoy that thought ♪
♪ School was rough.
but now it's not ♪
♪ 'Cause now there's him ♪
♪ It's all so simple ♪
♪ Stupid with love.
but I can get it ♪
♪ Watch this girl self-educate ♪
♪ I learned math.
so I can learn love ♪
♪ You wanna bet it ♪
♪ That I can get it. just wait ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Just wait ♪
Announcer:
The legendary Barbra Streisand.
15-time Tony nominee
"Jagged Little Pill."
and a special performance
of a classic from "Rent"
when "One Night Only:
The Best of Broadway" continues.
♪ Blame it
on the nights on Broadway ♪
♪ Singin' them love songs.
singin' them ♪
.
♪♪♪
When COVID hit. I --
After the initial
shock and sadness
for what was happening
in the world.
then I just thought.
"Oh my theater friends.
Like. how is this
ever going to --
How are they ever
going to recover?"
O'Connell: It not only affects
my performer friends.
It affects all the customers.
all the crew people
who work on a show.
all the ushers.
the box office people.
the ticket people.
TV still goes on.
Streaming services
still release things.
But in order
for Broadway to go on.
there has to be butts in seats.
Manheim: I do have a very soft
spot in my heart for theater.
It is my first and truest love.
and I could actually
get emotional about it.
knowing that it's
in peril right now.
Banderas: I wanted "A Chorus
Line" to be the first company
that can perform
an American play.
but to do it in Spanish
on Broadway.
Producer with me. John Breglio.
called me
and said to me. "It's done.
We are going to be on Broadway
with the show."
Two weeks after.
everything was shut down.
When we found out "Moulin Rouge"
was going to temporary close
because of
the COVID-19 pandemic.
our company had been about
eight months into our run.
It was -- Yeah. it was --
It was devastating.
for every reason
you can imagine.
You get to your opening night.
and something like
the COVID-19 pandemic.
this virus. happens.
I was the only one
at the theater.
and I had never felt so alone
when I found out
that we would not be having
our big opening night
on Broadway.
I will never forget it
as long as I live.
We were in the middle
of rehearsal
in the Stephen Sondheim theater.
implementing changes
to go in that night.
And our producer came into
the theater. sat us all down.
told us to leave everything
where it is. and go home.
Mrs. Doubtfire's face is sitting
on my dressing room station
next to a picture of my family.
Morissette:
This pandemic is so serious
that Broadway's going dark.
I mean. Broadway
doesn't go dark.
[ Laughing ]
You know? It's like --
So it was really shocking.
And it really brought home
the reality
of how many people's lives
are being affected.
Performed by Broadway actors
who represent the entire
theater community.
from "Rent."
here is "Seasons of Love."
♪♪♪
♪ Five hundred twenty-five
thousand six hundred minutes ♪
thousand moments so dear ♪
♪ Five hundred twenty-five
thousand six hundred minutes ♪
♪ How do you measure.
measure a year? ♪
♪ In daylights. in sunsets. in
midnights. in cups of coffee ♪
♪ In inches. in miles.
in laughter. in strife ♪
♪ In five hundred twenty-five
thousand six hundred minutes ♪
♪ How do you measure
a year in the life? ♪
♪ How about love? ♪
♪ Measure in love ♪
♪ Seasons of love ♪
♪ Love ♪
♪ Five hundred twenty-five
thousand six hundred minutes ♪
thousand journeys to plan ♪
♪ Five hundred twenty-five
thousand six hundred minutes ♪
♪ How do you measure the life
of a woman or a man? ♪
♪ In truths that she learned
or in times that he cried ♪
♪ The bridges he burned
or the way that she died ♪
♪ It's time now to sing out.
though the story never ends ♪
♪ Let's celebrate. remember
a year in the life of friends ♪
♪ Remember the love ♪
♪ You got to. you got to
remember the love ♪
♪ Remember the love ♪
♪ You know that life
is a gift from up above ♪
♪ Remember the love ♪
♪ Give love.
share love. celebrate ♪
♪ Measure in love ♪
♪ Measure your life in.
measure your life in love ♪
♪ Seasons of love ♪
♪ Love ♪
♪ Measure your life
in love ♪
♪♪♪
Announcer:
Broadway great Billy Porter.
a sneak peek from "Diana."
the new musical.
and the legendary
Barbra Streisand.
when "One Night Only:
The Best of Broadway" returns.
♪ Blame it
on the nights on Broadway ♪
♪ Singin' them love ♪
.
♪♪♪
My first time seeing a Broadway
show was "Dreamgirls."
I was in New York.
and it was my first time.
really. in the big city.
and I said. I just want to be
around kind of Broadway and what
it's like."
And I went by
the Dreamgirls theater.
and I saw the backstage door.
and I knocked
on the backstage door.
And one of the actors came out
by the name of --
the great Obba Babatunde.
and he came in --
He didn't know me from Adam.
I didn't know him. either.
I said. "Listen. man.
I'm college right now.
and I just want to kind of see
kind of
what Broadway feels like.
Is it possible?
Can I just peek in?"
He said.
"Yeah. man. come on in."
He showed me the stage
and everything.
And I think Obba saw
just the eagerness in my eyes
and just the naivete.
and he's like.
"Ah. let me help this kid out.
First experience with musical
theater was going to see "Cats."
I was like.
"What is happening?
[ Chuckles ]
These are adults. and
they're in spandex and makeup.
and they're just being
kitty-cats onstage.
and that's a job?
I want that job."
I saw "Rent"
when they came to Philadelphia.
The top of Act II starts.
and a guy enters
from stage left.
and he winks at this girl
entering from stage right.
I can't even tell you
the light bulbs that went off.
I was interested in the life
that was happening
before they came on the stage.
I didn't just want to be
onstage with them.
I wanted to be offstage
with them. too.
A little wink changed my life.
There are stars.
and there are superstars.
and then there are
a select few artists
who transcend
even those descriptions.
She is one of
the greatest performers
in the history of Broadway
and a recipient of an Emmy.
Grammy. Oscar. and Tony.
She was Miss Marmelstein
and Fanny Brice onstage.
but the world knows her better
as Barbra Streisand.
♪♪♪
♪ People ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪ People who need people ♪
♪ Are the luckiest people ♪
♪ In the world ♪
♪ A feeling deep in your soul ♪
♪ Says you were half.
now you're whole ♪
♪ No more hunger and thirst ♪
♪ But first be a person
who needs people ♪
♪ People who need people ♪
♪ Are the luckiest people ♪
♪ In the world ♪
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪♪
Thank you.
Good words that are
just as relevant today.
That song brings back
a lot of memories to me.
My love affair with Broadway
started when I was actually
14 years old.
and I saw
my first Broadway show.
"The Diary of Anne Frank."
I remember the price
of the ticket.
It was a $1.89
for a balcony seat.
From then on. every Saturday.
I took the subway
from Brooklyn to Manhattan
to see another show.
After I moved to Manhattan
when I was 16.
I was so happy to get a job
on New Year's Eve
as an usher
in a Broadway theater.
where I was paid -- I remember
that. too --
$4.15 an hour
and got to see the show
for free.
Little did they know
I would have paid them.
When I was 19.
I was lucky to be cast
in my first Broadway role.
as the lovelorn secretary
Miss Marmelstein
in "I Can Get It
For You Wholesale."
Two years later.
I found myself playing
the lead role of Fanny Brice
in "Funny Girl."
What I think about it.
I can still feel
the excitement
of the creative process.
working on the script.
or rehearsing the songs.
And it makes me think
of all the young people today
who dream of being on the stage
but have no outlet for their
talent and creative energy.
I'm worried about the thousands
of dedicated professionals
who have lost their jobs --
actors. writers. directors.
choreographers. costume people.
set designers.
sound and lighting technicians.
makeup artists.
musicians. stagehands.
And what about the audience --
all of the people
who simply want a break
from their daily lives.
who go to a show
to be transported
into another reality
for a few hours?
Because there is nothing more
exhilarating than live theater.
when we're all
in a moment together.
That's why I'm such
a passionate believer
in the mission
of Broadway Cares.
For decades.
it has been a resource
for the theater community.
Your donations
during this broadcast
will help provide medications.
groceries. healthcare.
and emergency
financial assistance
to those struggling
through a pandemic
that will have shut down this
industry for more than a year.
So if you love Broadway
and want to support the people
who are its lifeblood.
please give what you can
and donate today.
♪♪♪
Chicago opened 45 years ago
at the 46th Street Theatre.
now called the Richard Rodgers
Theatre. to huge acclaim.
and its 1996 production
holds the record
as the longest running American
musical in Broadway history.
celebrating its 25th
anniversary next year.
I'm going to guess
that when Broadway reopens.
it'll pick up
right where it left off.
Here with "All That Jazz"
is Lana Gordon
and the cast of "Chicago."
♪♪♪
♪ Come on. babe.
why don't we paint the town? ♪
♪♪♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ I'm gonna rouge my knees
and roll my stockings down ♪
♪♪♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ Start the car.
I know a whoopee spot ♪
♪ Where the gin is cold
but the piano's hot ♪
♪ It's just a noisy hall
where there's a nightly brawl ♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Slick your hair.
wear your buckled shoes ♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ I hear that Father Dip
is gonna blow the blues ♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ Hold on. hon.
we're gonna bunny hug ♪
♪ I bought some aspirin
down at United Drug ♪
♪ In case you shake apart
and want a brand new start ♪
♪ To do that jazz-skeedo ♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ Watch out ♪
♪ Whoopee! ♪
♪♪♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ It's just a noisy hall where
there's a nightly brawl and ♪
♪ All that jazz ♪
♪ Oh. you're gonna see
your Sheba shimmy shake ♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ Oh. she's gonna shimmy
till her garters break ♪
♪ Oh. and all that jazz ♪
♪ Show her
where to park her girdle ♪
♪ Oh. her mother's
blood'll curdle ♪
♪ If she'd hear
her baby's queer ♪
♪ For all that jazz ♪
♪ Come on. babe.
why don't we paint the town? ♪
♪ Oh. you're gonna see
your Sheba ♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ Shimmy shake.
and all that jazz ♪
♪ I'm gonna rouge my knees
and roll my stockings down ♪
♪ Oh. she's gonna shimmy ♪
♪ And all that jazz ♪
♪ Till her garters break
and all that jazz ♪
♪ Start the car.
I know a whoopee spot ♪
♪ Show her where
to park her girdle ♪
♪ Where the gin is cold
but the piano's hot ♪
♪ Oh. her mother's
blood'll curdle ♪
♪ It's just a noisy hall
where there's a nightly brawl ♪
♪ If she'd hear
her baby's queer ♪
♪ And all that ♪
♪ For all that ♪
♪♪♪
♪ No. I'm no one's wife ♪
♪ But. oh. I love my life ♪
♪ And all that ♪
♪ Jazz ♪
♪ That jazz ♪
♪♪♪
Announcer: A performance
from the 15-time Tony nominee
"Jagged Little Pill"
and more from
"Ain't Too Proud: The Life
and Times of The Temptations."
when "One Night Only:
The Best of Broadway" continues.
♪ Blame it
on the nights on Broadway ♪
.
♪♪♪
Inspired by Alanis Morissette's
legendary 1995
Grammy-winning album.
this powerful and empowering
story of pain and hurt.
joy. and redemption
opened on Broadway in 2019
and received
15 Tony nominations.
With the song "You Oughta Know."
here is the cast
of "Jagged Little Pill."
♪ I want you to know ♪
♪ That I'm happy for you ♪
♪ I wish nothing but ♪
♪ The best for you both ♪
♪ The perfect version of me.
is he perverted like me? ♪
♪ Would he go down
in a theater? ♪
♪ So he speaks eloquently
and you can have his baby? ♪
♪ I'm sure you'd make
a really excellent mother ♪
♪ 'Cause the love
that you gave that we made ♪
♪ Wasn't able to make it enough
for you to be open wide ♪
♪♪♪
♪ And every time
you speak his name ♪
♪ Does he know why you told me
you'd be there until you died ♪
♪ Till you died.
but you're still alive ♪
♪ And I'm here to remind you ♪
♪ Of the mess you left
when you went away ♪
♪ It's not fair to deny me ♪
♪ Of the cross I bear
that you gave to me ♪
♪ You. you. you oughta know ♪
♪ You seem very well ♪
♪ Things look peaceful ♪
♪ I'm not quite as well ♪
♪ I thought you should know ♪
♪ Did you forget about me.
Mrs. Duplicity? ♪
♪ I hate to give him
so much to live up to ♪
♪ It was a slap in the face
how quickly I was replaced ♪
♪ And are you thinking of me
when he ♪
♪ And I'm here to remind you ♪
♪ Of the mess you left
when you went away ♪
♪ It's not fair to deny me ♪
♪ Of the cross I bear
that you gave to me ♪
♪ You. you. you oughta know ♪
♪♪♪
[ All vocalizing ]
♪ 'Cause the joke that you laid
in the bed. that was me ♪
♪ And I'm not gonna fade
as soon as you close your eyes ♪
♪ And you know it ♪
♪ And you know it.
and you know ♪
♪ And every time
I scratch my nails ♪
♪ Down someone else's back.
I hope you feel it ♪
♪ Well. can you feel it? ♪
♪ And I'm here to remind you ♪
♪ Of the mess you left
when you went away ♪
♪ You. you. you oughta know ♪
♪ That I'm here to remind you ♪
♪ Of the mess you left
when you went away ♪
♪ It's not fair to deny me ♪
♪ Of the cross I bear
that you gave to me ♪
♪ You. you. you oughta know ♪
"Ain't Too Proud."
the electrifying musical
about the life and times
of the Temptations. opened
at Broadway's Imperial Theatre
in March of 2019.
It won the Tony Award
for Best Choreography.
And if you're a fan of Motown.
like my friend Laura.
who's obsessed with this show.
you will love hearing
the cast's performances
of the group's greatest songs.
I think that the place that The
Temptations have in our history
is a really unique one.
One of the wonderful things
about Motown was the start
of the intersection
of arts and activism.
These young men were
at the precipice of something.
not knowing what the other end
of it looks like.
but knowing they got
to say something.
There's speaking the message.
and then there's just
being the message.
And this show is the message.
Jackson: You know. it's just
so much history with this music.
and it's through everything
that's going on in America.
The Temptations
are a blueprint of that.
Singing "Rain"
is a cathartic moment for me.
that moment of when everyone
finds out the terrible news
that Martin Luther King Jr.
has been shot.
I feel responsible
in that moment of caring.
and I'm hoping somebody walks
away with an answer to something
or or at least hope
that they're not alone.
♪♪♪
♪ Sunshine. blue skies.
please go away ♪
♪ My girl has found another
and gone away ♪
♪ With her went my future.
my life is filled with gloom ♪
♪ So day after day.
I stay locked up in my room ♪
♪ I know to you.
it might sound strange ♪
♪ But I wish it would rain ♪
♪ Oh. how I wish
that it would rain ♪
♪ 'Cause so badly
I wanna go outside ♪
♪ Such a lovely day ♪
♪ But everyone knows that a man
ain't supposed to cry ♪
♪ But listen ♪
♪ I gotta cry 'cause crying
eases the pain. oh. yeah ♪
♪ People. this hurt
I feel inside ♪
♪ Words could never explain.
I wish it would rain ♪
♪ Oh. how I wish
that it would rain ♪
♪ Day in. day out.
my tear-stained face ♪
♪ Pressed against
the window pane ♪
♪ My eyes search the skies
desperately for rain ♪
♪ 'Cause rain drops
will hide my tear drops ♪
♪ And no one will ever know
that I'm crying ♪
♪ Crying. crying ♪
♪ When I go outside ♪
♪ To the world outside my tears.
I refuse to explain ♪
♪ Ooh. I wish it would rain ♪
♪ Oh. how I wish
that it would rain ♪
♪♪♪
There was nowhere for sanctuary.
Outside. the world
was exploding.
and inside. so were we.
♪ Ooh. baby ♪
♪ Let it rain. let it rain ♪
♪ Let it rain ♪
♪ I need rain to disguise
the tears in my eyes. whoa ♪
♪ Let it rain. let it rain ♪
♪ Let it rain ♪
♪ I'm a man. and I got my pride.
I'm a man ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Let it rain ♪
Announcer: Broadway superstar
Billy Porter and a performance
from the upcoming "Diana."
the new musical.
when "One Night Only:
The Best of Broadway" returns.
♪ Blame it all ♪
♪ On the nights on Broadway ♪
♪ Blame it
on the nights on Broadway ♪
.
♪♪♪
Hey. everybody.
Billy Porter here.
So. I made my Broadway debut
back in 1991
in the ensemble
of the musical "Miss Saigon."
At the time. our nation
was facing the scourge
of another pandemic.
That's when. from the hearts of
those in the theater community.
Broadway Cares/Equity
Fights AIDS was born.
And now here we are today in
the midst of another pandemic.
one that has shut down
our beloved theaters
for what will be
more than a year.
leaving many without a paycheck.
with health insurance
in jeopardy.
and with futures uncertain.
So again.
led by Broadway Cares.
we're turning our anger
and our sorrow into action
to help those struggling
during this pandemic.
When we're in the theater.
we have little red buckets
like these from Broadway Cares
that symbolize help and hope.
It's how audiences
make a difference
by donating on their way
out of the theater.
Tonight. your contribution
to the online red bucket
ensures those onstage
and behind the scenes
can pay for groceries.
see a doctor.
and get emergency help.
So join me by going to
broadwaycares.org/help2020.
And we thank you in advance
for your help
and your love
and your generosity.
God bless you all.
Just 19 days before its
scheduled March 31st opening.
the much-anticipated musical
about Diana. Princess of Wales.
was shut down
like so many other productions.
But tonight. we are lucky
to be able to bring you
one of its big numbers. a song
about Diana's relief and joy
about being freed
from the royal family.
Accompanied by Tony Award
winner David Bryan.
with the song "If."
here is Jeanna de Waal.
♪♪♪
♪ I offer my goodbyes
without compromise ♪
♪ A princess moving on ♪
♪ Beyond the palace staffs.
beyond the photographs ♪
♪ A fairy tale come and gone ♪
♪ All I shall do again.
stand in a queue again ♪
♪ Here's to not making news ♪
♪ A mother full of pride.
her prince is by her side ♪
♪ Her life finally hers
to choose ♪
♪ And I choose happiness.
I choose a fresh new start ♪
♪ I choose whatever lies ahead ♪
♪ If ♪
♪ If I can carry on ♪
♪ Stay calm and simply breathe ♪
♪ If ♪
♪ If I devote my soul ♪
♪ To every child in need ♪
♪ If ♪
♪ The Queen bestows her grace ♪
♪ And places me in charge ♪
♪ If ♪
♪ To represent the crown ♪
♪ Ambassador at large ♪
♪ If ♪
♪ I'll be their English rose ♪
♪ Their proudest
shining knight ♪
♪ If ♪
♪ And I'll light the world ♪
♪ I'll light the world ♪
♪♪♪
♪ But how does one begin
to shed her royal skin ♪
♪ Be better than before ♪
♪♪♪
♪ She discards her past.
all that she's amassed ♪
♪ Set free.
she'll do even more ♪
♪ I choose happiness.
I choose a fresh new start ♪
♪ I choose whatever lies ahead ♪
♪ If ♪
♪ I'll have another child ♪
♪ An answer to my prayer ♪
♪ If ♪
♪ Perhaps a baby girl ♪
♪ Or better yet a pair ♪
♪ If ♪
♪ If Charles steps aside ♪
♪ And lets my William reign ♪
♪ If ♪
♪ Then all this suffering ♪
♪ Will not have been in vain ♪
♪ If ♪
♪ My future's my design ♪
♪ My story's finally mine ♪
♪ If ♪
♪ And I'll light the world ♪
♪ I'll light the world ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Blame it all ♪
♪ On the nights on Broadway ♪
♪ Blame it
on the nights on Broadway ♪
.
♪♪♪
Sometimes the most
painful breakup
is a friendship breakup.
Here with a fiery anthem
about that very specific
kind of heartbreak
is Mary Kate Morrissey
from the cast of "Mean Girls"
singing "I'd Rather Be Me."
♪♪♪
♪ So your best friend
screwed you over ♪
♪ Acted nice when she not nice ♪
♪ Well. I have some advice ♪
♪ 'Cause it's happened
to me twice ♪
♪ Here's my secret strategy.
it always works because ♪
♪ The world doesn't end.
it just feels like it does ♪
♪ So raise your right finger ♪
♪ And solemnly swear ♪
♪ "Whatever they say about me ♪
♪ I don't care!" ♪
♪ I won't twist in knots
to join your game ♪
♪ I will say.
"You make me mad" ♪
♪ And if you treat me bad.
I'll say "you're bad" ♪
♪ And if I eat alone
from this moment on ♪
♪ That's just what I'll do ♪
♪ 'Cause I'd rather be me.
I'd rather be me ♪
♪ I'd rather be me
than be with you ♪
[ Laughs ]
Oh. we're supposed
to all be ladies
and be nurturing and care.
But is that really fair?
Boys get to fight.
and we have to share.
Here's the way that turns out.
♪ We always understand ♪
♪ How to slap someone down
with our underhand ♪
♪ So here's my right finger ♪
♪ To how girls should behave ♪
♪ Sometimes what's meant
to break you ♪
♪ Makes you brave ♪
♪ So I will not act
all innocent ♪
♪ I won't fake apologize ♪
♪ Let's just fight and then
make up. not tell these lies ♪
♪ Let's call our damage even ♪
♪ Clean the slate
till it's like new ♪
♪ It's a new life for me
where I'd rather be me ♪
♪ I'd rather be me
than be with you ♪
[ Chuckles ]
♪ I'll say no.
I'll say knock it off ♪
♪ With your notes and your rules
and your games ♪
♪ And those sycophants
who follow you ♪
♪ I'll remember
all their names ♪
♪ And when they drag you down
as they inevitably do ♪
♪ I will not laugh
along with them ♪
♪ And approve their palace coup
'cause that's not me ♪
[ Giggles ]
♪ I don't need
their good opinions ♪
♪ I've got plenty of opinions ♪
♪ Everybody has opinions.
but it doesn't make them true ♪
♪ What's true is being me
and I'd rather be me ♪
♪ I'd rather be me
than be with you ♪
♪ So raise them high.
'cause playing nice and shy ♪
♪ Is insulting my IQ ♪
♪ I'd rather be me.
I'd rather be me ♪
♪ I'd rather be me
than be with you ♪
♪ I'd rather be me.
I'd rather be me ♪
♪ I'd rather be me than be ♪
♪ With you ♪
My whole career has been
about being a Bro--
It wasn't about being
a television or TV star.
It was about being
a Broadway star.
It was about being Broadway.
doing August Wilson on Broadway.
I was doing "Sunday in the Park"
with George
at the Hudson Theater.
I didn't know that Mandy
Patinkin was in the audience.
And sure enough.
at the end of the show.
Mandy came backstage.
And we said nothing.
He just opened his arms
and threw them around me.
To be there onstage playing
a role that he originated
and to have him see me in it
and to have him be moved
as much as he was.
I will never. ever
forget that moment.
Foster: There's nothing like
performing live.
There's nothing like
sharing an experience
with 1.000 other people.
Tveit: I grew up only about an
hour outside of New York City.
And so when I joined the
Broadway "Hairspray" company.
I found out that about 75 people
from my hometown
were coming to my opening night.
My high school chorus teacher
actually chartered a bus.
and a bunch of people piled in
and came down and supported.
I got entrance applause.
People were just going berserk.
Stamos: You don't want to know
who's in the audience.
Early on. it was like.
"Henry Kissinger's here."
It was like. "Oh --"
I said. "I'm nervous --"
"Just don't look at him.
Don't let the Secret Serv--
You know. don't.
whatever you do --"
And I got through the first act
pretty well without --
I didn't look. I was just --
But I knew he was over there.
The second act comes up.
and I said.
"I got to look at Henry."
I look. He's like [Snoring]
♪♪♪
Announcer: Please welcome
country music superstar
Brett Eldredge.
I'm originally from Illinois.
but I love "Oklahoma."
Although the state is fine.
I'm talking about
the musical "Oklahoma."
Who doesn't love it?
It changed Broadway forever.
It was the first
American musical
to play around the world
and had its fifth revival
in 2019.
It has one of the greatest
Broadway opening numbers
of all time.
♪♪♪
♪ There's a bright golden haze
on the meadow ♪
♪ There's a bright golden
haze on the meadow ♪
♪ The corn is as high
as an elephant's eye ♪
♪ And looks like its climbin'
clear up to the sky ♪
♪ Oh. what a beautiful morning ♪
♪ Oh. what a beautiful day ♪
♪ I got a beautiful feeling ♪
♪ Everything's going my way ♪
♪♪♪
♪ All the cattle are standing
like statues ♪
♪ All the cattle
are standing like statues ♪
♪ They don't turn their heads
as they see me ride by ♪
♪ But a little brown mav'rick
is winking her eye ♪
♪ Oh. what a beautiful morning ♪
♪ Oh. what a beautiful day ♪
♪ I got a beautiful feeling ♪
♪ Everything's going my way ♪
[ Humming ]
♪♪♪
♪ All the sounds of the earth
are like music ♪
♪ All the sounds
of the earth are like music ♪
♪ The breeze is so busy
it don't miss a tree ♪
♪ And an ol' Weepin' Willer
is laughin' at me ♪
♪ Oh. what a beautiful morning ♪
♪ Oh. what a beautiful day ♪
♪ I got a beautiful feeling ♪
♪ Everything's going my way ♪
♪ Oh. what a beautiful ♪
♪ Day ♪
♪♪♪
Announcer: A number
from Broadway's longest running
American musical "Chicago."
jukebox classic "Jersey Boys."
and a message from Sean Hayes.
when "One Night Only:
The Best of Broadway" continues.
♪ Singin' them love songs.
singin' them ♪
.
♪♪♪
We're back in New York's
Theater District
on "One Night Only:
The Best of Broadway."
One of the most iconic
characters ever to appear
on a Broadway stage
is Mama Morton.
the matron of the Cook County
Jail in the musical "Chicago."
Here to show exactly why
"Chicago" is the longest running
American musical
in Broadway history
is NaTasha Yvette Williams
performing
"When You're Good to Mama."
♪♪♪
♪ Ask any of the chickies
in my pen ♪
♪ They'll tell you
I'm the biggest mother hen ♪
♪ I love them all
and all of them love me ♪
♪ 'Cause the system works.
the system called ♪
♪ Reciprocity ♪
♪♪♪
[ Laughs ]
♪ Got a little motto ♪
♪ Always sees me through ♪
♪ When you're good to Mama ♪
♪ Mama's good to you ♪
♪ There's a lot of favors ♪
♪ I'm prepared to do ♪
♪ You do one for Mama ♪
♪ She'll do one for you ♪
♪ They say that life
is tit for tat ♪
♪ And that's the way I live ♪
♪ So I deserve a lot of tat ♪
♪ For what I got to give ♪
♪ Don't you know
that this hand ♪
♪ Washes that one. too? ♪
♪ When you're good to Mama ♪
♪ Mama's good to you ♪
♪ The folks atop the ladder
are the ones the world adores ♪
♪ So boost me
up my ladder. kid ♪
♪ And I'll boost you up yours ♪
♪ Let's all stroke together ♪
♪ Like the Princeton crew ♪
♪ When you're strokin' Mama ♪
♪ Mama's strokin' you ♪
♪ What's the one conclusion ♪
♪ I can bring this number to? ♪
♪ When you're good to Mama ♪
♪ Mama's good ♪
♪ To you ♪
When I got my first
Broadway show. I was thrilled.
I wanted to do
just a decent-enough job
to make my mom
not embarrassed of me.
But what was more important
than that
and any success I might achieve
was the way that the Broadway
community embraced me
and made me feel accepted.
They made me feel safe.
They made me feel taken care of.
So you can't know
how awesome it feels
to be a part of Broadway
Cares/Equity Fights AIDS
and return the favor
and take care of those people
that welcomed me
into their lives.
During the year. the casts
and crews of Broadway shows
will appeal to our inner good
and ask for donations
from the audience
in this little red bucket
as they leave the theater.
And tonight.
I'm asking you to help me
fill this red bucket again.
Broadway is closed.
and those people who make
Broadway so magical need us.
So please help
and make a donation if you can.
You'll be providing groceries.
medicine. and hope
to all of those people
working offstage. onstage.
backstage. behind the scenes.
This entire awesome
community needs it.
So let's fill
this red bucket together
for the most awesome people
on the planet.
Please go to
broadwaycares.org/help2020
And now it's time
for our next performance.
It's from "Jersey Boys."
which might just be
the perfect jukebox musical.
bringing to the stage the songs
and story of Frankie Valli
and the Four Seasons.
whose talents took them
from the streets of New Jersey
to the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame.
The show opened
on Broadway in 2005
and ran for an incredible
4.642 performances
and will continue to play
at the New World Stages
in New York City
when theaters can reopen.
♪♪♪
♪ Sherry. Sherry. baby ♪
♪ Sherry ♪
♪ Baby ♪
♪ Sherry. baby ♪
♪ Sherry. can you
come out tonight? ♪
♪ Come. come. come out tonight ♪
♪ Sherry. baby ♪
♪ Sherry. can you
come out tonight? ♪
♪ Why don't you come out ♪
♪ Come to my twist party ♪
♪ Come out ♪
♪ Where the bright moon shines ♪
♪ We'll dance the night away ♪
♪ I'm gonna make you mine ♪
♪♪♪
♪ Big girls don't cry.
big girls don't cry ♪
♪ Big girls ♪
♪ Don't cry ♪
♪ They don't cry ♪
♪ Big girls don't cry ♪
♪ Who said they don't cry ♪
♪ My girl said goodbye ♪
♪ My. oh. my ♪
♪ My girl didn't cry ♪
♪ I wonder why ♪
♪ Silly girl ♪
♪ Shame on you.
your mama said ♪
♪ Silly girl ♪
♪ Shame on you.
you cried in bed ♪
♪ Silly girl ♪
♪ Shame on you. you told a lie ♪
♪ Big girls do cry ♪
♪ Big girls ♪
♪ Don't cry ♪
♪ They don't cry ♪
♪ Big girls don't cry ♪
♪ That's just an alibi ♪
♪ Big girls don't cry.
big girls don't cry ♪
[ High-pitched vocalizing ]
♪ Walk. walk. walk. walk ♪
♪ Walk like a man ♪
♪ Oh. how you tried
to cut me down to size ♪
♪ Tellin' dirty lies
to my friends ♪
♪ My own father said.
"Give her up. don't bother ♪
♪ The world isn't
comin' to an end" ♪
♪ He said ♪
♪ Walk like a man.
talk like a man ♪
♪ Walk like a man. my son ♪
♪ No woman's worth
crawlin' on the earth ♪
♪ So walk like a man. my son ♪
[ High-pitched vocalizing ]
♪ Walk. walk. walk. walk ♪
♪ Walk like a man ♪
♪ Like a man ♪
♪♪♪
Announcer: Antonio Banderas in a
performance from "A Chorus Line"
and the magic of "Harry Potter
and the Cursed Child."
when "One Night Only:
The Best of Broadway" returns.
♪ On the nights on Broadway ♪
♪ Blame it
on the nights on Broadway ♪
♪ Singin' them love songs ♪
.
♪♪♪
For "Harry Potter" fans.
it was a dream come true
when "Harry Potter and the
Cursed Child" opened on Broadway
in 2018.
The play. the eighth story in
the series. was a huge success.
winning six Tony Awards.
and it gave fans of the books
and movies a chance
to see the magic
of "Harry Potter" live onstage.
And now let's check in
with three of the stars
of "Harry Potter and
the Cursed Child." James Romney.
Brady Dalton Richards.
and Nadia Brown.
Hi. Tina.
We are honored to be here
to help celebrate
Broadway tonight.
Guys. I'm having trouble
reading the teleprompter.
I should be wearing
my glasses.
James.
those aren't glasses.
[ Chuckles ]
Wait for it. Nadia.
James?
Brady?
Incendio!
Oh. he's --
Ah.
He did it. Wow.
Now. that's more like it.
[ Laughing ]
No way.
As Tina mentioned.
our show
tells the eighth story
in the "Harry Potter" series.
It's an epic new adventure
in the wizarding world.
created exclusively
to be performed live onstage.
And truly. it's like nothing
else you'll see on Broadway.
And since it's a new story.
you'll meet new characters
along the way.
like the three we play.
the next generation
of witches and wizards.
Being a part of the show
is absolutely thrilling.
I mean. okay. who else can say
that they can perform spells
like Wingardium Leviosa
or travel through time and space
from Kings Cross Station
to Platform 9 3/4
live onstage eight times a week?
Now. when the shutdown
happened in March.
we were all together
at the Lyric Theatre
in our final rehearsals.
but days away
from our year-three company
taking their launch.
Now. these guys have been
on the show for a while.
and I was set
to make my Broadway debut.
So this is
a bit bittersweet.
but amazing to be back here
tonight in the Theater District
celebrating with
this incredible community.
We cannot wait to welcome you
back to Broadway
and to "Harry Potter
in the Cursed Child"
when performances
can finally resume.
I think theater actually
became more valuable
in our times.
It seems in our times
that things that are
not recorded don't exist.
But theater is something
that is present. is very alive.
You come. and you have to
see it live here.
Theater is something
that is unique.
It's a unique experience.
and it's almost
personalized for you.
In the moment that you're here.
you're watching. it is for you.
♪ One singular sensation ♪
♪ She walks into a room. and
you know she's uncommonly rare ♪
♪ Every little step she takes ♪
♪ Very unique. peripatetic.
poetic. and chic ♪
♪ One thrilling combination ♪
♪ She walks into a room.
and you know from her ♪
♪ Every move that she makes ♪
♪ Maddening poise. effortless
whirl. she's a special girl ♪
♪ Strolling ♪
♪ One smile and suddenly ♪
♪ Nobody else will do ♪
♪ Can't help all of her
qualities extolling ♪
♪ You know
you'll never be lonely ♪
♪ With you-know-who ♪
♪ Loaded with charisma ♪
Banderas: "A Chorus Line."
it was performed once in Spain.
but it was -- You know.
the music was in playback.
It was not entirely produced
as I thought that it should be.
When we sang at the end.
with the golden suits and hats
and everything.
I wanted to create the illusion
that. for a moment.
that we are actually
on Broadway.
And if it's possible and
when all of this is finished.
we will be there.
♪♪♪
♪ One singular sensation ♪
♪ Every little step she takes ♪
♪ One thrilling combination ♪
♪ Every move that she makes ♪
♪ One smile and suddenly ♪
♪ Nobody else will do ♪
♪ You know
you'll never be lonely ♪
♪ With you-know-who ♪
♪ One moment in her presence ♪
♪ And you can forget the rest ♪
♪ For the girl is second best ♪
♪ To none. son ♪
♪ Ooh! Sigh!
Give her your attention ♪
♪ Do I really have to mention ♪
♪ She's the ♪
♪ One ♪
♪♪♪
Announcer:
R&B legend Patti LaBelle.
superstar Vanessa Williams.
and more
from "Jagged Little Pill."
when "One Night Only:
The Best of Broadway" continues.
♪ On the nights on Broadway ♪
♪ Blame it
on the nights on Broadway ♪
.
♪♪♪
Hi. I'm Vanessa Williams.
and I am one of the lucky ones.
My childhood dream
came true to star on Broadway
with my name in lights
on the marquee.
There's nothing like the sound
of a full orchestra
anxiously awaiting
the downbeat of a score
they've been dying to play live
or the roar of laughter
when you say the perfect line
the perfect way.
That privilege and excitement
is on hold at the moment.
But we on Broadway are ready
to return to the stage.
Rooted deep in the history
and identity
of Broadway Cares/Equity
Fights AIDS
is a commitment to being a voice
for those who've been silenced.
marginalized. and oppressed.
Whether it's facing
the AIDS epidemic
or today's COVID-19 challenges.
Broadway Cares has never been
more committed in our fight.
And this red bucket.
it's the beacon
and the symbol of that fight.
the beacon people
see in the theaters.
the place where they know
their donation
can end up saving a life.
But right now. the entire
theater industry is shut down.
closed until further notice.
We need your help.
Please join me in making sure
those who devote their lives
to Broadway
have meals on the table.
heat for this winter.
and access to a doctor
when they're sick.
It's your turn
to be center stage.
You're the one
that can make this bucket
mean something today.
Lives truly depend on it.
Please visit
broadwaycares.org/help2020
to make a difference.
♪♪♪
Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen.
R&B legend Patti LaBelle.
There are so many songs
that inspire
and remind us
of the promise of America.
"The House I Live In" from
the musical "Let Freedom Sing"
does exactly that.
And 78 years after it made
its Broadway debut.
it still lifts us all up.
It's a fabulous song.
♪♪♪
♪ What is America to me? ♪
♪ A name. a map ♪
♪ Or a flag I see? ♪
♪ A certain word ♪
♪ Ooh. "democracy." yes ♪
♪ What is America to me? ♪
♪♪♪
♪ The house I live in.
a plot of earth. a street ♪
♪ The grocer and the butcher.
and all people that I meet ♪
♪ The children
in the playground ♪
♪ Oh. the faces that I see ♪
♪ All races. all religions ♪
♪ That's America to me ♪
♪ The things I see about me ♪
♪ The big things and the small ♪
♪ The little corner newsstand ♪
♪ Or a house a mile tall ♪
♪ Oh. the wedding
in the churchyard ♪
♪ The laughter and the tears ♪
♪ And the dream
that we've been growin' ♪
♪ For a hundred
to two hundred years ♪
♪ Oh. mm ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ The town I live in. the
street. the house. the room ♪
♪ Oh. the pavement of the city.
or a garden all in bloom ♪
♪ The church. the school.
the clubhouse ♪
♪ A millions lights I see. oh ♪
♪ Especially the people ♪
♪ Oh. that's America.
that's America to me ♪
♪ Oh. especially
the good. old people ♪
♪ That's America. America ♪
♪ To ♪
♪ Me. yes! ♪
♪♪♪
Announcer:
The Tony-nominated cast
of Broadway's
"Jagged Little Pill."
when "One Night Only:
The Best of Broadway" returns.
♪ Blame it
on the nights on Broadway ♪
♪ Singin' them love songs ♪
♪ Singin' them
straight to the heart songs ♪
.
♪♪♪
Ferguson: The Broadway community
is extremely resilient.
I mean. our motto is.
"The show must go on."
and that has always
been our motto.
and that will always
be our motto.
Bass:
Everyone that's on that stage.
they've gone through hell
just to even get there.
[ Chuckles ]
You're told no 99% of the time.
To audition and not get it.
you know. and can still go back.
there's a certain
resilience there.
Because a live performance
cannot exist
without everyone
working together.
it is no surprise to me
in moments of crisis
where people need the most help.
we are all together in it.
We will come back.
and we will be
stronger than ever.
I cannot wait to be on a stage.
and I cannot wait
to be in the audience.
Broadway will be back.
It just has to be back.
There's no experience like it.
We just have to get through
this. and...we will.
We will get back
up on the stage.
There's no doubt. We don't know
when. We don't know how.
but it will happen.
because we are a community
that makes it happen
no matter what.
Manheim: I have every faith
that Broadway will be back
in no time.
as soon as David slays Goliath.
and that's going to happen.
We know how that story ends.
so let's do this.
Bass: I feel like we're about
to enter our roaring '20s.
which was what happened
after the Spanish flu.
Like. everyone was so down
and pandemic.
and then all of a sudden.
everyone just wanted
to celebrate.
When "Moulin Rouge"
returns to the stage.
and all the other Broadway
shows. it's going to be --
It's going to be a -- It's going
to be a big party that night.
Thanks for coming to our play!
I'll see you at the party!
[ Cheers and applause ]
♪♪♪
When it is safe to go
to the theater again.
it's going to be
exactly what we need.
because when theater works.
for a moment.
none of us feel alone.
For a moment. we're all members
of the same family.
After a time of having
so much separation.
when it's safe again.
the best thing for all people
would be to have
some community activities.
to be reminded
why we do things together.
And going to the theater is --
is a perfect experience.
Well. we're almost at the end
of tonight's show.
We want to thank
all of our casts
and our guests for joining us.
And remember. Broadway
will be back better than ever.
and we'll see you here soon.
Before our curtain comes down.
we want to share
one more performance.
Here is the cast
of "Jagged Little Pill."
♪ I recommend getting your heart
trampled on ♪
♪ To anyone ♪
Yeah.
♪ I recommend walking around
naked in your living room ♪
Yeah.
[ Both laugh ]
♪ Swallow it down ♪
♪ What a jagged
little pill ♪
♪ It feels so good ♪
♪ Swimming in your stomach ♪
♪ Wait until
the dust settles ♪
♪ You live. you learn.
you love. you learn ♪
♪ You cry. you learn.
you lose. you learn ♪
♪ You bleed. you learn.
you scream ♪
♪ You learn ♪
♪ I recommend biting off more
than you can chew to anyone ♪
♪ I certainly do ♪
♪ I recommend sticking your foot
in your mouth at any time ♪
♪ Feel free ♪
♪ Throw it down ♪
♪ The caution blocks you
from the wind ♪
♪ Hold it up ♪
♪ To the rays ♪
♪ You wait and see
when the smoke clears ♪
♪ You live ♪
♪ You learn ♪
♪ You scream ♪
♪♪♪
[ All vocalize ]
♪ Wear it out ♪
♪ The way
a three-year-old would do ♪
♪ Melt it down ♪
♪ You're gonna have to
eventually. anyway ♪
♪ The fire trucks are coming up
around the bend ♪
♪ You live. you learn.
you love. you learn ♪
♪ You cry. you learn.
you lose. you learn ♪
♪ You bleed. you learn.
you scream ♪
♪ You learn ♪
♪ Thank you. India ♪
♪ You grieve. you learn ♪
♪ Thank you. providence ♪
♪ You choke. you learn ♪
♪ Thank you. disillusionment ♪
♪ You laugh. you learn.
you choose ♪
♪ Thank you. clarity ♪
♪ You learn ♪
♪ You pray. you learn ♪
♪ Thank you. consequence ♪
♪ You ask. you learn. you live ♪
♪ Thank you.
thank you. silence ♪
♪ You learn ♪
[ Vocalizing ]
♪♪♪